[Music]
people in your town are being murdered
by killers who can summon deadly spirits
these things can control your body erase
you from existence
command an unstoppable army and even
freeze time
locked in the most dangerous fight of
your life what do you do
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do in how to be the
stands in jojo's bizarre adventure
diamond is unbreakable
this killer is about to have the best
night of his life he's already begun
murdering people
and the police are closing in the cops
bust into the room but the killer
escapes out the window and onto the roof
before they can reach him he makes it
onto the streets and as he's catching
his breath
he sees a man in the distance hold up a
bow and arrow he gets shot in the throat
but as the arrow is ripped from his body
the killer starts to move
he's still alive and the archer is
impressed he congratulates him on being
chosen and walks away just before the
police start to arrive
the murderer stands up to surrender
except now he can somehow control the
water and these cops will soon find out
just how dangerous this guy really is
he's interrogated by the police but they
realize that the room is suddenly filled
with water as it shoots it from the
floor
killing them instantly finishing off the
last guard he strolls out of the
building with the power to murder an
entire police department
and there's only one person that can
stop him across the city koichi here is
a transfer student and has just moved to
town he's excited for his second day at
his new school but on his way he cuts
through a dark alley and gets quartered
by a couple of punks
luckily they're all distracted when
someone else passes through they start
shouting threats but when one of them
insults his hairstyle
it hits a nerve they just made a huge
mistake
suddenly the stranger throws a punch
that knocks one of them across the alley
and into the bike while the other one
gets an uppercut in all without even
touching them but when he decides to let
them off with a stern warning
the punk suddenly realizes all the blood
on his face is gone like it never
happened and they run away
koichi here thanks him for the rescue
and recognizes him as jojo from school
who doesn't recognize him in return
probably because he's a little taller
and less blonde than normal
jojo turns to leave but as koichi here
looks back down on his bike he sees it
somehow been fixed
okay this student here is completely
clueless we just saw something that
defies the laws of physics and makes us
question the entire known universe but
he's more worried that this guy doesn't
recognize him from school
this dude clearly has special powers and
i would try to befriend them because we
could turn this into a profitable
business opportunity
schools are filled with geeks who are
being bullied every day and they would
gladly part with their lunch money to
watch those bullies have the [ __ ] kicked
out of them if this guy could take down
two gangsters without laying a finger on
them and erasing all evidence of the
fight
no teacher would believe them and we
would be untouchable
later that day the killer is stalking
his next victim these kids are messing
around at the fountain when water flies
into this guy's mouth
he starts thrashing around and dies but
then launches itself into the other kid
possessing him
on his way home from school koichi sees
a woman being taken hostage
jojo here notices that there's something
wrong with the criminal's eyes and he
seems possessed he doesn't want any
trouble and turns to leave but when this
guy insults his hair
jojo here isn't having any of it once
again
this was a huge mistake the woman is
about to get stabbed when somehow the
blade comes flying
out of the criminal's back jojo here has
used his power to take the knife away by
punching it through his body
the hostage is let go but the criminal
discovers that the knife is now inside
his stomach
he starts to have a seizure and
collapses to the ground as a watery
creature escapes from his mouth and into
a drain
koichi here can't see the creature but
knows there's something happening beyond
what he can see
confused jojo runs away as the police
arrive but doesn't notice the mysterious
man
sitting nearby all right this is not
normal and now the whole town has seen
it
even if you save someone's life this
brings a lot of unwanted attention
and you're going to be tracked down for
answers if you're going to use your
powers in public at least do it like
this guy here where you look like you
have nothing to do with the situation so
it doesn't draw attention to you but
even still
if you do it often enough a pattern will
emerge and you'll become a suspect as
cold-blooded as it sounds he shouldn't
have saved the girl
it sounds harsh but when you have this
much power you have to protect that
secret
at great cost using it in public tells
you he's immature and this is guaranteed
to get him in trouble later on
that night a drunk businessman throws a
tantrum and complains about his job when
he sees someone across the bridge with a
bow and arrow he gets shot with it and
collapses to the ground
the shooter asks that the man can turn
his emotions into something more
powerful but the businessman quickly
dies
disappointed the archer takes his arrow
and leaves okay
this guy's arrow turned the first man
into a water wielding villain but turned
this guy
into a corpse that means this arrow
reveals who has a power and who doesn't
now we don't know why he's trying to
collect powerful people yet but it's
safe to assume that it's for his own
personal advantage the problem is he's
not being very smart about his targets
a drunk salary man with anger issues is
not going to be very easy to control
because he already hates being bossed
around at work where he has no power
if i were an evil aeroshooting villain i
would be targeting the homeless
population of the city because it would
get less attention from the police
if they died but also if any of them
survived and had powers
they would be more grateful of their new
powers and might be more inclined to do
your bidding as a favor
the next day koichi here sees jojo on
his way to school and tries to catch up
but almost crashes
he falls off his bicycle but before he
hits the ground time suddenly stops and
he's somehow back on his feet
this man has a power too and asks for
help to find jojo koichi here goes to
tell him that this man wants to talk to
him but jojo's never seen him before in
his life
the man reveals that he's jotaro jojo's
nephew the kid's father had an affair
and he's come to inform him about his
inheritance after the failing discovered
his existence
thanking him jojo here turns to leave
but the man has something more important
to discuss
these girls approach to compliment
jojo's hair but jyotoro here tells him
to knock it off with a stupid hair talk
and for jojo here this is the last straw
jojo attacks except this time he's met
his match and gets knocked back
the man tries to explain that these
spirits they have are called stands
and only other stand users can see them
but jojo's not interested in hearing it
and gets out for more
does it he's attacked again but the man
freezes time
appears behind the kid and punches him
in the face now i know what you're
thinking the next thing you're going to
say
is that that was his biggest mistake but
this guy has a major advantage here
because he can stop time
all over zoharudo this lets him move
anywhere instantly
with that kind of power i can't beat the
out of him without getting closer and
we're completely outmatched here so if
it's me
i would just change my identity and live
a very quiet life instead
jojo here gives up the fights and admits
he saw a water stand
the other day he's not interested in
getting involved in leaves but the man
knows jojo's life will
soon be in danger if he doesn't help him
okay pausing time is an extremely
overpowered ability and he seems like a
good dude and all but we might have been
able to exploit the kids powers to beat
this guy on the first try
now jojo here can restore things back to
the original parts at such high speeds
that it's almost instantaneous
i would try breaking this entire bridge
by spreading it out and putting it back
together
over and over at extremely high speeds
creating 360 degrees of splendid trap
note around me as protection
as soon as jotaro here comes back out of
the frozen time he would be hit by the
shrapnel from any direction and
injure him at his hotel the man learns
that the water stand jojo saw is linked
to a serial killer named
angelo in that he needs to be near water
to activate his stand but with the
rainstorm approaching
he's going to be more dangerous than
ever he needs to warn the boy but has no
idea that the killer has already tracked
him down
it begins to rain and the murderer sends
out his stand commanding it to kill
jojo's entire family
ok on a normal day this water stand guy
has some serious limitations but at the
same time he's not maximizing the
potential of this thing at all
if i were him i would be using the
sewage and water system of the town to
go anywhere i please
this gives me access to way more people
even in perfect weather
because we actually spent as much as 90
percent of our time indoors
if i move through the water systems i
can access office buildings residences
police stations you name it now for the
same reason if i was jojo here and saw
this water stand go into the sewer drain
i would be shutting off the water to my
house there might be some hindsight here
but honest to god if i saw this thing
come out of someone's mouth like this
i'm not taking it lightly and not taking
measures to keep your family safe is a
massive oversight
back at home jojo's mom drinks some
water from the tap when he suddenly sees
a stand inside her mouth
thinking quickly he slams a glass bottle
through her body and traps it inside but
she doesn't notice anything and leaves
the house
he shakes the bottle and after seeing
the stand trapped inside calls jotaro to
tell him the news
the man says he'll be there soon and
warns him to keep an eye on it
instead he leaves the stand alone on the
counter it sees the grandpa
and cleverly transforms into a bottle of
whiskey the old man takes it to drink
with no idea that the stand is inside
when jojo returns he hears a thud from
upstairs and sees the glass bottle is
missing
realizing that something is wrong he
goes upstairs to check on his grandpa
and finds him dead on the floor
okay this is on him there's no reason to
expect that he can turn himself into
whiskey but leaving around the house is
just dangerous and has gotten his
grandfather killed
personally i wouldn't be waiting for
jotaro to arrive before coming up with
ways to deal with this thing
if the stand moves through water i would
try to limit him even more
by freezing him into ice i would take
this bottle and put it in the back of
the freezer
where no one can find it even if it
doesn't kill him it permanently traps
him as a solid and he can't turn back to
water on his own
jotaro finally arrives at the house and
they go upstairs use jojo's stand to
heal his grandpa's injuries but his
power
can't bring someone back to life the man
hears a noise downstairs and goes down
to find the floor covered in water
he shuts up the running faucets and
begins to hear the voice of the killer
threatening them
the stan jumps out and attacks jotaro
who dodges out of the way
that's when jojo comes downstairs to
face his grandfather's killer the stan
suddenly evaporates and appears below
him and lunges at jojo's throat but the
man freezes time at the last minute and
pummels him
the water stand is outmatched in
deciding to change tactics he disappears
jojo here asks that the kid can heal his
own wounds and jojo tells him he can't
that's when they notice a kettle start
to steam and they realize the water
stand has turned itself into gas
okay this stand can only travel through
water molecules and steam is better for
spreading out inside the house
but he's moving much slower than before
this gives us a great opportunity to try
and find the cheryl killer even stands
that can travel further away from their
users must still be close enough to
carry out their orders
so it means the user is closer than we
think i would use joturo's abilities to
stop time and travel outside to look for
the killer so that even though we're in
the rain we can't get harmed
the longer he spends in frozen time the
more ground he can cover and before the
water stand has figured out what's going
on
his user can be found and killed the
steam spreads through the house
and jojo here breaks one of the walls
running into the next room to safety
he quickly realizes that this was a trap
as they notice a humidifier in the
corner and
they're surrounded by mist the water
stance suddenly attacks him
forcing its way inside his body as the
killer begins to gloat
but this was a part of jojo's clever
plan as his standard reaches into his
body and pulls a rubber glove with the
water stand trapped inside
he reveals that earlier he cut the glove
into pieces and swallowed them
using his powers to reconstruct it in
his stomach shaking the glove he's
surprised to hear noises outside and
they followed the sound to find the
tortured killer
okay this was really smart outside the
box thinking and it saved his life
but also he was incredibly lucky that
this worked punching your way out from
inside their stomach is lazy and
inefficient
and if i wanted to kill someone quickly
i would have looked for the easiest way
to hurt him without breaking the skin
which is through the nose and into the
lungs
he could be killed by drowning a lot
more easily and if he did this
he wouldn't have been caught by the
glove at all i would even go one step
further and move from the lungs and the
paper thin walls of the alveoli sacs
into the pulmonary arteries where we can
enter the blood in its body
55 of human blood is actually plasma
which is the fluid that carries the red
blood cells and plasma is 92 percent
water
i would invade the plasma of his blood
and stop it from entering his heart
until he has a sheer heart attack they
find the serial killer outside and
interrogate him he tells them he
received the stand when he was shot by a
special arrow
looking for vengeance jojo decides to
punish this killer in the most
horrifying way he can
with his stand he punches the killer
into a nearby rock and restores it that
trap him inside
okay this is a brutal death and probably
the smartest way to take care of him by
hiding him in the rock there's no dead
body and no masticline that could lead
the police back to you
honestly i wouldn't have thought this
solution because if i were him
i would want to find a way to kill both
his stand and the user in one move
we just saw that shaking this glove
throws a user around like a ragdoll and
this is a really important point because
it means whatever is happening to the
stand will affect
the human in some way if we still turn
the stand into a block of ice then now
we can take it one step further and
shatter the ice into pieces to see if it
will kill the human that way we can at
least confirm that both are dead and
then hide them in the rock where no one
will find the pieces
the next day jojo attends his grandpa's
funeral but notices someone is watching
him
he follows him to this abandoned
property where koichi finds him and
insists on joining him they walk up to
the abandoned house
this guy appears out of nowhere and
kicks koichi to the ground
the man steps on his chest and jojo asks
to let him go when suddenly koichi is
shot by an arrow he's badly wounded and
jojo knows he won't survive without his
help
this guy here introduces himself as
okiyasu the brother of the archer and
his stand appears behind him
the archer orders him to kill jojo to
avenge the water stand he defeated
he goes in for the attack and
immediately gets knocked down but this
guy's just getting started
jojo notices his special ability comes
from his hand and catches it just in
time the stand breaks free and jojo
quickly dodges as the hand swings down
into the sign
recovering he notices that a part of the
sign has gone missing and realizes the
enemy's ability is to erase things and
fuse together whatever is left
okuyasu then takes it one step further
erasing the space between himself
and jojo and punches them to the ground
it's impossible to run away from the sky
but jojo notices something behind him
and comes up with a plan
okay this is a really dangerous ability
and one hit from his hand will end us
i wouldn't want to get anywhere near
this thing but the problem is i can't
beat this
out of you without getting closer we
just might have one way we can use his
own power against him though
if we have the ability to restore things
back to their original state
then maybe we can actually restore the
space he deleted putting more discs
between us
it might also mean we can redestroy the
fix we just made
this gives us a great fighting strategy
to rush in for a strike and quickly rush
back out of his range by restoring the
space back
the safest way to test this is to try
and restore the sign if it works then we
can undo everything he raises and we
keep the upper hand but if it doesn't
work there's something else we can do
here
i would use my stand to create dozens of
holes in the ground on the battlefield
throughout the fight making it harder
for him to get sure footing and if he
steps into one i would quickly restore
the hole trapping him in
once he's trapped we can easily knock
him down grab his hand
and force it on him to erase himself
jojo taunts him into attacking as the
guy tries to erase him but he dodges out
of the way
making him erase the space between
himself and a statue and knocks himself
out
jojo looks for koichi and notices there
are bloodstains leading into the house
he follows them upstairs where he finds
the older brother jojo warns him not to
pull out the arrow as koichi will bleed
out
and die but the man doesn't care the
younger brother comes up distracting
jojo but as he turns around a machine
gun starts firing
he dodges out of the way but okuyasu
here gets shot
jojo goes back to help him and tries
pulling him to safety when his hand is
shot up with tiny bullets
determined he takes him to the staircase
and asks what his brother's standpower
is in exchange for healing
he refuses to tell but jojo here decides
to heal him anyway
asking nothing in return jojo heads
upstairs and sees the older brother is
missing but his friend koichi is still
trapped in the middle of the floor
he's about to go rescue him when he
turns around and sees okuyasu here who
uses his ability to pull koichi in and
jojo heals him
the brother has returned the favor and
now that they're even okuyasu here turns
to leave
koichi gets up but around the corner a
swarm of tiny helicopters fly in
this was the archer's real stand an army
of decked out soldiers and with strength
in numbers
they won't be easy to kill okay this
stand
isn't like the others we've seen so far
because it's not a single unit so taking
out one soldier will not kill them
that's why i would try to take out the
entire army at once now the archer here
has to be near his soldiers to command
them so if we could somehow separate
this guy from his army this could limit
the effectiveness of his stand
luckily we're in an old worn down house
that looks pretty weak so i would have
my stand destroy the floor
causing the whole army to fall through
these soldiers are no more than 10
centimeters tall
so with their relative height this will
be the equivalent of a 90 meter drop to
the first floor
that's like falling from the top of the
statue of liberty and there's no way to
survive that kind of fall
i could then fix the floor up which puts
them out of range and we'd only have the
helicopters to deal with
jojo here does his best to defend them
but he's overwhelmed by a missile
barrage that's when koichi sees a tank
approaching and warns jojo they're
coming for him but then jojo realizes if
koichi can see the stands then he must
be a user now too and the arrow chose
him
the archer finally shows himself
revealing his fully formed stand
called bad company and wants to see what
koichi's new stand is
one of the soldiers stabs him in the
foot causing him to unleash a giant
floating egg which is useful to
absolutely no one
the archer is about to attack so jojo
kicks the egg to the side of the room
knocking koichi way to safety and takes
the army's assault head on
he tries his best but it's too much for
him to handle the archer commands his
army to kill jojo and koichi here begs
him to stop but the man reveals that
once he gives a command
it can't be modified okay this guy has
just given us a manual for how to beat
him and he's not using his stand very
wisely
commanding your entire army with a
single irreversible command
leaves no room for surprise if i were
him i would split my army into separate
platoons so that i can add commands and
adjust to the changes in the battle
this guy is leaving himself vulnerable
and it's exactly what koichi here should
be taking advantage of
if we know he's already commanded all of
them to finish jojo then they can't
shoot koichi at all
this gives him a huge advantage because
it means he might be able to walk right
through the room and fight the archer
himself
this room also has a walkway above so if
he could sneak to the upper floor he
could try dropping his giant egg stand
and crush him
a helicopter fires its missiles at jojo
who manages to break them but gets too
injured to keep going leaving koichi
here defenseless but he refuses to back
down and suddenly his egg begins to
crack
a tiny creature breaks out punches the
air and falls to the ground
this stand has no use to the archer and
prepares to kill him but then jojo gets
a second wind he then reveals his master
plan
and restores the missiles he punched
earlier turning them around on the
archer
keichu here tries to command his
soldiers to shoot down the missiles but
he's already given an order and they
can't protect him
the missiles hit him and his stand
disappears they hear something upstairs
and koichi goes up to investigate
he opens the door and is grabbed by some
creature jojo runs up and knocks
to the ground the archer is still alive
and he reveals his monster is his father
he's forgotten how to be human but has
transformed into this immortal creature
kaicho was using the arrow to find a
stand strong enough to kill his immortal
father to end his misery but nothing has
worked
they notice the monster is looking for
something in a box so jojo uses his
stand
to restore it to its original condition
revealing an old photo of their family
the monster picks up the picture and
starts crying there's still a part of
him that's human
jojo offers to help destroy the bow and
arrow and okayasu agrees
but his brother refuses he's about to
leave when they all hear a strange sound
as something flies through the window
and lands on the floor
it's a toy car stand and erases for
okiyasu but his brother pushes him out
of the way and gets run through
it moves up his body and pops out of his
mouth to blow him up before anyone can
stop it
this stand user was defeated but soon
jojo will run into another that's even
more dangerous
a disembodied hand in a paper bag is
kept by a notorious serial killer who
only wants a peaceful life
and he'll get it no matter the cost but
what do you think
how would you be the stands in jojo's
bizarre adventure let me know with a
comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day